Test engine branch (#1)
gluecose/test-engine: README.md

# test-engine

> Test Engine is the logic that drives the inter operability testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Test Engine is the logic that drives the interoperability testing.
```

# Contents

> Test Engine repository of Gluecose system comprises of:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Test Engine repository of Gluecose system comprises:
```
